---
inFeed: true
description: The decorations.
dateModified: '2018-12-07T21:16:11.981Z'
datePublished: '2018-12-07T21:16:12.717Z'
title: December 7
author: []
publisher: {}
via: {}
sourcePath: _posts/2018-12-07-december-7.md
hasPage: true
starred: false
datePublishedOriginal: '2018-12-07T21:13:30.622Z'
url: december-7/index.html
_type: Article

---
# December 7

The decorations.

It's possible that I'll be braving the cold this afternoon to hang up a 9-foot Christmas tree lighted display on the side of the house that I built last December. We already dressed the windows, put up and decorated the tree, and added an advent candle wreath to the dining room table.

Green. Red. Gold. Purple? These are our pallets.

I actually love little lights. They sparkle. They lend a soft light to everything. They feel like hope to me.

And the nativity scenes. I like those too. Especially fond of the ones where you don't put the baby Jesus in the manger until Christmas morning.

Why do I feel such joy at seeing houses decorated with lights? I do.

But not so much the big inflatable crap. Just stop. Please.

And mistletoe. I don't know that I've seen it before, but it's in the songs.

And what's up with evergreen? We put it EVERYWHERE. On the mantle, around the bannisters, over the door frames, in the centerpiece... I mean, evergreens are my favorite trees, cypresses especially. But where did that come from and what does it mean?

Ornaments. Those colorful balls are cool. And for the first few years of our marriage, my mother in law would make ones for each of the kids, with a bunch of little pics of them on the backs. Heavy, but so fun.

---

I'm not really processing much, more like capturing the things I'm thinking about when thinking about Christmas decorations. The one thing that interests me about what I've said is how much I like lights. And there's an obvious correlation there, with Jesus being the light of the world, coming as the light in the darkness, the natural light in these early dark evenings, etc.