---
inFeed: true
description: Christmases over the last 20 years have seldom been meaningful.
dateModified: '2018-12-05T17:29:27.072Z'
datePublished: '2018-12-05T17:29:28.231Z'
title: December 1
author: []
publisher: {}
via: {}
sourcePath: _posts/2018-12-03-december-1.md
hasPage: true
starred: false
datePublishedOriginal: '2018-12-03T16:29:24.931Z'
url: december-1/index.html
_type: Article

---
# December 1

Christmases over the last 20 years have seldom been meaningful.

At times sentimental. At times bluer than blue. At times just busy.

With only glimpses of wonder.

I mean, it is a pretty remarkable story after all. Why would God choose such a risky strategy? Sending HOPE in the most vulnerable, needy package. A baby. A toddler. A child. A teenager. An adolescent.

And the whole story of "the night" was pretty...remarkable. Not to mention the setup. And the silence of 4,800 months leading up to it.

Beyond all that, the sheer significance of who this Baby becomes for the whole world...it's easy to see why the entire planet has embraced some form of celebrating it.

Songs. Parties. Traditions. Rituals.

But it's become suffocated.

I was just watching a baking show where the judges were deciding which contestant had created the most decadent dessert. They described what Christmas is all about...family, food, fun.

Ah, "the holidays." So far, far removed from "the holy days."

So this is simply my journey to wrestle with all the clutter, do find the real meaning, the real core of Christmas. And then to build new traditions and celebrations around that core. Ones that preserve and highlight the core. Ones that our family of eight can integrate. And pass on.

As I write that, I sound pretentious. "Let me reject all of those traditions that Christians have created for centuries, and make my own, more enlightened ones."

That's not what I'm saying. I'm recognizing that I have things personally that don't fit. I have expectations, hang ups, cultures, notions, dreams, etc.

It may be that part of my research will find wonderful traditions that do exactly what I'm hoping, that I can adopt.

But first, deconstruct. Then rebuild. Follow my journey if you'd like.

<iframe src="https://the-grid.github.io/ed-userhtml/?g=eJxNUcFOwzAMvfcroiLRVlpTBjfa7jCJA5ddgBNCKE3cLd2aVHZaMSH-HXcrErc4fn7P77kydhLW1HHb5Oh9iDdVwV-bqCKNdgibtB2dDta71KwErRibie9IiEmh6LhuOxK1MHIP4ekEPbhA2_Or2u9UDyll73cfJaNtK9L_mO352aRMlQmEMKKbMQuRRlABFhwzlNyQ1nDPmitMEmouk0MIAz0WhfbOgQ6yVRoa74_SQSjAfb69FGSOsqObr7bpT_X6dgIktlJPD_I-mcl4ezkoZKWdNyCtI8CwhdYjpIu7rIx-UuP1OO-zEsk1l4Rff3p5R6yTZFlZFUtqUVTNweqTIrpkq31_ySYWRgWVHxDaOp4N8P4I7IACjpyz2-sDWgq9IskzhQENfQOYr5dJN_aDp8Cs679b_QI4T5dH" height="244" style=""></iframe>